a young woman named sani participates in
an underground beastie fight remotely
controlled bioengineered gladiator beast
babbles the ring master dikko attempts
to bribe sani to throw the match but she
declines the offer her teammates wes
anavrina explains that sani was sexually
assaulted and mutilated in the past her
desire for revenge eventually becomes
her edge sani enters the arena piloting
her beast caniver to fight the opponent
turbo raptor after a brutal match
canover wins
later dikko's mistress visits sani and
seduces her only to impale her through
the head with a concealed weapon dikko
then reveals himself the mr stomps at
sonny's head crushing it however her
human body is only a bioware processor
spliced to his spine and that her
consciousness was always inside canover
the fear of death and combat being her
real edge sani as can of her breaks out
of her holding tank and kills the
mistress and then dick